These are all the resources I've accumulated and created when I was trying to learn german. After a lot of trial and error, finally understanding the grammar, and going to Germany, I sort of came to the conclusion that learning German as an American is to much of an effort to learn anymore.

I've really enjoyed learning it and I do understand a significant amount of the language. However, after going to Germany and trying to use it, I've learned that most Germans know English better than I did German. My German definitely improved while I was there, but most germans feel like you practicing your German or making mistakes is not worth the hassle and they switch to English. Which is really sad when you attempt to show you are taking an appreciation of their culture. But it seems like it's almost a litmus test to them that you are either someone who can speak it or can't and they have no patience for someone who is anything short of of a solid B2 speaking level. Not to mention most if not all native Germans know English extremely well. Only in a few instances did I actually have to rely on my German and was successfully able to communicate my problem and could comprehend their response. But those we're typically only in the rural areas, with foreign staff who only knew German and their native language, or someone who was willing to speak in German.

The real revelation to me was that it is truly impossible to become fluent in a language unless you explicitly are forced to see, read, hear, and speak it 100% of the time. I was able to converse with some germans that were willing to talk, but that was very few and far between. 

I still value the experience and it has taught me a lot about grammar and language systems. But I think it is time to throw in the towel for learning this unfortunately. It does make me sad to quit with this hobby as I've devoted a significant amount of time into it. But with many other things I've explored, this is the end of it for me here. Overall as a native English speaker, I think there is no point in learning another language unless you live in the area where the foreign language is present. And those people MUST speak it to you. You have to be forced to speak it and never allowed a crutch of using your native language. If you cannot have that, you will never become fluent no matter how many hours to devote to it, no matter how much you practice, and no matter what you study. With AI expanding it's capabilites and translating services becoming better every day, the purpose of learning a language other than English nowadays is losings it's value. I witnessed a German woman writing an email via Deepl and then putting it in English. Overall I feel like it is time to throw in the towel and avoid the sunk cost fallacy with this one. As much as it saddens me, it does feel like culturally, English won. 
